# Iodine pit duration

## Project Description
This project aims to determine the duration of the Xenon pit in pressurized water reactor. 

### Input files
Input files are located in `./data`, which consists of JSON configuration files that can easily be modified :
 * `data_ding.json`: Same data as in "_Solving Bateman Equation for Xenon Transient Analysis Using Numerical Methods_", Ding Z., 2018 for comparison purposes
 * `data_custom.json`: Personnal selection of the parameters.

### Output files

Describe the output files generated by the program. (To be generated in "results/".)

### Report
Can be found with the necessary documentation under `./docs` as `report.pdf`. 

## Running the program

### Dependencies

Describe the operating system, programs (MATLAB/Python/C), version numbers, and external packages that need to be installed to run the program. Canonically, it should run on the SIE Linux VDI, but if you require a different configuration (e.g., more updated MATLAB version) you can state it here.

### Build

The C programs are compiled automatically by a shell script `script.sh` using gcc and executed right after. 
The resulting binaries go in `./bin` and the necessary packages are located in `./include`. 

_Should I separate into two scripts (compile/launch) ???_

### Execute

Describe how the program should be executed. Ideally, it will be automated to one line of code in a terminal running Bash (e.g., `matlab -batch src/myscript`), with the outputs generated to "results/".

## Contributors
* Stefan Mignerey

## Acknowledgments

### Data sources

Describe sources of data here.

### Code

Describe large code contributions not mentioned in the code itself (for small blocks of code or functions, sources can be cited in the code).

- taken from other programs
- generated by LLMs (including documentation) - specify which LLM
